coming soon to own on video cassette
from the creators who brought you the
adventure of Aladdin and the excitement
of the Little Mermaid comes a tale of
mystery suspense and a great big
adventure in the Great Mouse Detective
Disney's 26th animated masterpiece is
coming to video when a beloved toymaker
disappeared delightfully wicked if
there's only one Mouse for the job as
the extreme I confess together with his
trusty sidekick he's ready to crack the
game your father is as good a spot with
Nana
but only if you can stop us slimy
contemptuous you around pretty and
wicked of home
blues are in Kate
the pressure is on and the adventure is
about to begin
say cheese for the mouse who always gets
his man
as the film jolts Eagle calls magic and
Siskel and Ebert give two thumbs up to
your collection Disney's animated
classic the Great Mouse Detective coming
to video August 31st 1999 miss whatever
if you loved the enchantment of Beauty
and the Beast you'll be swept away by
the storybook magic this is a story
about friends helping each other
it's Disney's newest full-length video
Beauty and the Beast tales of friendship
join Bell and her friends in three news
stories I'm so glad to see you all
working together filled with songs and
new friends
now the whole family can share in all
the fun and fantasy good idea Beauty and
the Beast tales of friendship owner Don
video August 17 come on let's get going
everyone premiering only on video the
most magical the most heartwarming
the most unforgettable Disney holiday
event the world has been waiting for
maybe once upon a Christmas joy Mickey
Goofy and Donald starring together and
they're all Youth full-length movie for
the holidays premiering exclusively on
video November 1999 join Winnie the Pooh
and his friends for the Hundred Acre
Wood as they celebrate seasons of
friendship I am thankful for the company
of friends seasons of fun I'm gonna ski
we're no killer skied before and seasons
of giving oh yes Walt Disney home video
proudly presents friends a brand new
full-length animated adventure Winnie
the Pooh seasons of giving coming to
video November 9
be sure to catch all the fun and
excitement on the Disney Channel stop by
Playhouse Disney it's Disney he plays
for preschoolers
there teaches our kids to share and care
when our son watches out of the box he
learns by doing with bearing the big
blue house out of the box and many more
Playhouse Disney is a stop for
preschoolers to introducing play out
disney we're learning is powered by
imagination every morning on Disney
Channel and now our feature presentation